Style and Customize the Comment section.
That's all you need to know.
Let's do it.
Boom.
[MUSIC]
All right, and here we are at the bottom
of our blog post with the comment section.
Now, the comments section
is entirely optional.
Meaning, in the dashboard,
you can turn off discussions in WordPress
if you don't want any comments at all.
If your site's not appropriate for
comments, or
if you don't care to have comments,
or if it's not gonna add any value,
then you don't even have to have them on.
But we're gonna be styling the comments
here, because a lot of blogs have
comments, and you wanna be able
to make sure this looks good.
As you can see, it clearly is messed up.
It looks bad.
I don't know what's going on up here.
The headers look bad.
There's just a whole
bunch wrong with this.
But thankfully, it's actually quite
easy to fix this because we already did
the styles earlier and
when we did the static site.
We just need a couple
WordPress specific styles.
Now that we can see it in action
in a real WordPress site.
And we just need to do
a couple quick things.
It's actually quite easy.
So go back to your core editor and
open up the comments.php template.
And so this is the template for
displaying comments.
So we're just missing a couple tags here,
and I already looked in our post at HTML.
And down here, you can just see
we have the ID of comments and
then we have a div with
the class of comments-wrap.
We're missing that, so all you need
to do is just add it under here.
And we're just gonna remove this php tag.
It's empty and
it just lets you know that you can
start editing, including right here.
So I'm just gonna add a div
with a class of comments-wrap.
And that is going to need to be
closed down here at the very bottom,
after the comment form, okay.
And the only other thing left on this
specific template is to scroll to the top.
The comments title is actually a level
three heading in our styles, in our CSS.
And then, in our comments title,
we have a PHP function and a whole
bunch of stuff in here which will display
the comments number, the comments title,
and a phrase that says, one thought on and
whatever the title of the post is.
Instead of thought,
I want that to say comment.
Give that a save, and now, let's go back
here and refresh and see what happens.
Okay, so we have centered some things and
looks like we're in the wrap.
But now we have some funky headers here,
or footers,
or whatever they call these in WordPress.
We just need to go back
to our style.css and
scroll down to the comments.
CSS comment right here,
you can see your comments.
And the only thing we need to do is at the
very bottom, after Leave Comment, we're
just gonna add a few specific
WordPress comment styles,
straightforward enough.
We're going to select the comments ID and
then the footer,
because that funny blue part,
when you inspect this,
is actually in a footer tag,
as you can see right here.
You could also select
the class of comment-meta,
but we're going to select comments footer.
Background, none.
And color, inherit.
It's just gonna inherit the color
from the previous style.
So, we have in the comment section.
And then, we're gonna select comments
footer and the a tags within there.
Color, inherit.
We already have styles set up for
the a tags in the comments.
So it's gonna grab that.
Gonna grab comments again, and
then the .comment-metadata.
And that's gonna be margin 10px on
the top, 0 on the right, 0 on the left.
Sorry, 0 on the right and
left, and 0 on the bottom.
Save that, and that should fix all of
our problems with the comment section.
There we go.
So now we, it looks good.
This is a pretty decent
looking comment section.
And feel free to go in here and
test some comments out if you want
to customize the styles more.
If you have a cool idea for comment
section, go ahead and try that out.
You're totally free to experiment.
This was just a simple example.
And that's it for this lecture.
We've got our blog entirely done here.
As you can see, it looks great.
Now the only other thing, there's
actually a couple more templates left
when it comes to the blog, and
how it works in WordPress.
You have the overview page,
you have the blog,
the single blog page, and
you have the categories and
tags pages as well as a search template,
meaning when you search for something.
So, let's click on a category here and
see what happens.
So you could see this also doesn't
look very good, so that's a problem.
if you click on a tag, same sort of deal.
And if I were to search for something,
again, this looks really bad.
So we need to fix these.
And that's what we're going to
do in the next two lectures.
See you there.
[MUSIC]